Update parallel-execution.md with clarifications on Feature behavior with method-level parallelism (#364)
reqnroll/Reqnroll: docs/execution/parallel-execution.md

### Execution Behavior

* `[BeforeTestRun]` and `[AfterTestRun]` hooks (events) are executed only once on the first thread that initializes the framework. Executing tests in the other threads is blocked until the hooks have been fully executed on the first thread.

> * As a general guideline, **we do not suggest using `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hooks and the `FeatureContext` when running the tests with method-level parallelism**, because in that case it is not guaranteed that these hooks will be executed only once per-feature and that there will be only one instance of `FeatureContext` per feature. (Class-level parallelism, which is the default in most modern test runners, _should_ operate as expected and only create one `FeatureContext` per feature and only call feature hooks once.) The lifetime of the `FeatureContext` (that starts and finishes by invoking the `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hooks) is the consecutive execution of scenarios of a feature on the same parallel execution worker thread. So in case of running the scenarios with full method-level parallelism, the scenarios of a feature might be distributed to multiple workers and therefore might have their own dedicated `FeatureContext`. Additionally, it's also possible for _some_ scenarios of a feature to get the same `FeatureContext`, if they are executed on the same thread as a previous "sibling". It all depends on how the test runner distributes scenarios amongst the worker threads - which is not easily predictable or controllable. Because of this behavior, Reqnroll does not attempt to share the `FeatureContext` between parallel threads so it does not have to handle them in a thread-safe way. If you wish to have a truly singleton `FeatureContext` and `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hook execution, you must use either class-level parallelism or disable parallelism entirely so scenarios of a feature are all executed on the **same thread**.
>     * All that said, if you still want to use method-level parallelism for your test suite, **the following things will be true**:
>         * The `FeatureContext` and feature-level DI container will remain consistent **per feature, per test thread**. This means in anything you register in the Feature container will be resolvable in the `[AfterFeature]` **per test thread**. The same applies to dictionary values assigned to the `FeatureContext`.
>         * The same `FeatureContext` and feature-level DI container will be provided to all scenarios of a feature that get scheduled **on the same test thread**.
>         * A given `[BeforeFeature]` or `[AfterFeature]` will only be executed once **per test thread** that runs a scenario of a feature.
>         * Types you register in the feature-level DI container that implement `IDisposable` will still be disposed **per feature, per test thread**. (Keep this in mind if you try to work around this parallelism behavior to regain singleton-like behavior. E.g. by using static instances, `Lazy<>`, thread-safe collections, etc.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a general guideline, **we do not recommend using the `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hooks and the `FeatureContext` when running the tests with method-level parallelism**, because in this case there is no guarantee that these hooks will be executed only once per feature and that there will be only one instance of the `FeatureContext` per feature. The lifetime of the `FeatureContext` (that starts and finishes by invoking the `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hooks) is controlled by the test runner.  So in the case of running scenarios with method-level parallelism, a feature's scenarios could be distributed across multiple workers and run in parallel. Therefore, they could have their own dedicated `FeatureContext`, or some scenarios of a feature could share the same `FeatureContext`. It all depends on how the test runner (e.g. NUnit or MsTest) distributes the scenarios among the worker threads - which is not predictable or controllable. Because of this behavior of the test runner, Reqnroll can't share the `FeatureContext` between parallel threads. If you want to have a truly singleton `FeatureContext` and `[BeforeFeature]` and `[AfterFeature]` hook execution, you must use either class-level parallelism or disable parallelism entirely so that scenarios of a feature are all executed on the **same worker thread**.
    * However, if you still want to use method-level parallelism and a `FeatureContext` for your test suite, then **the following things will be true**:
        * The `FeatureContext` and feature-level DI container will remain consistent **per feature, per test thread**. This means that anything you register in the feature container will be resolvable in the `[AfterFeature]` **per test thread**.
        * A given `[BeforeFeature]` or `[AfterFeature]` will only be executed once **per test thread** that runs a scenario of a feature.
        * Types you register in the feature-level DI container that implement `IDisposable` will still be disposed **per feature, per test thread**. (Keep this in mind if you try to work around this parallelism behavior to regain singleton-like behavior. E.g. by using static instances, `Lazy<>`, thread-safe collections, etc.) 
```

Overall looks good to me. Some suggestions (see above).

Author: Thanks for the feedback @obligaron! It reads much better as a result of your edits 🙏🏻 (Documentation & naming are the hardest problems in computer science 😆)

I wanted to confirm one thing though: I saw you removed the blurb I added to explain that "dictionary values assigned to the `FeatureContext` <will remain consistent across BeforeFeature and AfterFeature hooks per feature, per test thread>".  (Referring to how Contexts have dictionary behavior.) Is that not a true statement? Or do you think it's not necessary to clarify?

Author: Yeah actually I think it's already implied, reading it again. It's mentioned that **the `FeatureContext`** (and DI container) "will remain consistent" (per feature, per test thread).  Since the dictionary values are _part of_ the `FeatureContext`, it's probably not necessary to call that out explicitly.

Thanks again for the feedback! Resolving this thread.
